## Config
#### System
```python
hostName   # default: nixos
userName   # default: user
systemType # default: x86_64-linux
timeZone   # default: America/Los_Angeles
locale     # default: en_US.UTF-8
keyLayout  # default: us
```

#### Hardware
```python
cpuVendor  # default: intel
gpuVendor  # default: intel
rootDevice # default: /dev/sda
bootDevice # default: null
swapDevice # default: null
```

#### Features
```python
disableNixApps # default: true
animateStartup # default: true
autoUpdate     # default: true
gamingTweaks   # default: false
hiResAudio     # default: false
dualBoot       # default: false
bluetooth      # default: false
printing       # default: false
touchpad       # default: false
battery        # default: false
```
